This project consisted of calculating the impact of compound interest over a set period of time. The user is asked to place an initial deposit. Optionally, a monthly deposit. The user will choose the interest rate percentage along with defining the time period in years. Afterwards, the program will output the user input followed by the projected growth of the investment without including a monthly deposit in a report called YEAR-END REPORT (NO MONTHLY DEPOSITS). After the YEAR-END REPORT (WITH MONTHLY DEPOSITS) is displayed, the same data from the report above will be displayed if the user previously chose not to add a monthly deposit. Lastly, the MONTHLY BREAKDOWN report shows the growth of the account on a month-by-month basis.  My code is easy to follow, and the naming of the members is self-explanatory. A third party should be able to comprehend what I am trying to accomplish. I was consistent with my style, and I provided comments which provided insight as to what I was trying to accomplish. I can make my code more condensed by re-organizing it in such a way where I include a header file containing the member declarations, while the “.cpp” file includes the definitions. I should have used dynamic memory allocation to improve the efficiency of the program by reutilizing members and deleting the space they occupy once the purpose has been served. I can potentially add try/catch to reduce the number of lines I need for validation. Initially, I struggled writing the code for the formula for calculating deposits, because I was not obtaining the output I needed. To correct this, I wrote the calculations by hand, this enabled me to visualize what I needed to correct. In my case, I was missing a set of parentheses. The problem-solving skills gained from executing this project have taught me that it is important to keep an open mind when it comes to tackling a problem because at times the basics are all we need to for overcoming them. Patience is key and asking for help when deemed necessary can help amplify our insight. Finally, following the industry’s best practices, one ensures the success of the program. 
